[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/common/rest-exception-handler/README.md

# Kogito REST Exception Handler Addon

> This addon is supposed to be used internally by other addons. It's not meant to be used directly by end-user's projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kogito REST Exception Handler Addon is used internally by other addons. It is not to be used directly by end-user's projects.
```
